Remember when we had our simple
five-move isolation board?
And we searched it to end-game?
We found that player one would
always win unless it moved to one of
the center positions first.
>> I see where you're going.
The question is whether our evaluation
function of #my_moves predicts
which branches will lead to a win and
which ones will lead to failure?
>> Exactly.
I always like to test my assumptions
because they are often wrong.
>> Okay, so here's the mini-max tree
where I have loaded the the depth to
three and
applied the evaluation function.
I've also propagated the values
up the mini-max tree to the top.
>> The result looks promising.
The two center positions have scores
of 1, while the rest of the branches,
which we know when, have higher scores.
Let's try another example.
What happens if we try
the same thing but
assume we could only go two
levels deep on our search tree?